charter: remove meeting attendance requirement (#1345)
nodejs/TSC: TSC-Charter.md

> A TSC member is automatically removed from the TSC if, during a 3-month period,
> all of the following are true:
> 
> * They do not participate in any TSC votes.

Reviewer: Since we're reducing the list to one item, maybe inline it?

```suggestion
A TSC member is automatically removed from the TSC if they do not participate
in any TSC votes during a 3-month period wherein there is at least 1 TSC vote.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe that wording would mean that anyone who didn't vote in the previous vote would be then removed from the TSC automatically as soon as this PR lands? I don't believe that's what you're intending.

Similarly, given infrequency of votes, is missing a single vote a reasonable grounds for someone being automatically removed?

Reviewer: > Similarly, given infrequency of votes, is missing a single vote a reasonable grounds for someone being automatically removed?

I think it is reasonable. The TSC can vote people back on immediately if it is appropriate. Votes are kept open typically for a week or so. Sometimes, people will be on vacation or whatever, and that's fine. The TSC can act on those on a case-by-case basis. Being removed isn't punishment.
